is this the one is this to cut the real
Zorro costume
this is the real sword roecastle Wow
except they accepted boots the boots are
more from Puss in Boots yeah how are you
doing you look great it fits it looks
fantastic yeah
where have you been keeping it I it was
in a box in New York how Wow digging it
out for you know eventually I took it
out yeah I confess yeah how are you
doing I'm fine everything's good yeah
happy Halloween to you thank you what
here - what year did you come to the
United States
what year yeah I was in 1990 was
Halloween like a weird thing for you to
see it was weird yeah it was we didn't
have the facility in Spain you know now
that they they are trying to you know
just to just oh they're starting to get
it going yeah yeah doesn't know no if
you see people just dressing up today on
the streets they the people even just
look at them and so they are crazy right
now my hometown I may get arrested yes
or even take it to a psychology just
something like interesting yeah it's
because here I mean it started with the
kids and now every adult dresses up yeah
yeah you like it yeah this actors seem
to like Halloween yeah well you know I
knew about Halloween because of the
movies mmm well the movie Halloween yeah
Halloween yeah yeah did you think this
tradition was about killing teenagers
how did you wind up bizarro well you
know it was actually the offer was made
to me by Steven Spielberg
it was a very interesting night it was
on the night of the Oscar I think it was
1997 and it was a beautiful magic night
actually because Tom Hanks won an Oscar
for Philadelphia I gave I think an Oscar
to Bruce Springsteen
we all gather later on you know I think
it was event and John's party Elton John
was at the table
Oscar's on the table you know with the
drinks
and it was kind of I was kind of an
illusion Asian moment and I'm thinking
Stephen said to me do you know a
character called inaudible and I say
yeah and I said you want to play and I
said now I don't think so you want me to
play want you to play now I don't think
I can do that you know the next morning
but that was Elton and all jealous that
he wasn't asked to play Zorro he was
able to I saw him cried that night I
didn't know he was an offer it's the
last time I saw you had like you had a
heart attack right what happened there
well if you know he was sad
probably I would just live in life in a
in a nice way
oh really yeah too much drinking and
stuff no no I'm not like I'm not a
drinker I was a smoker uh-huh actually
one of the most stupid things I have
ever done in my life right and but no it
was very lucky actually after all you
know because a heart attack can just
killed you say like this or have an
experience like I had you know there was
kind of an alert call and it was
something interesting because the night
before that I have this event my
girlfriend she got a headache we didn't
have anything in the house so she went
out to buy something you know a
painkiller or whatever and pharmacies
were closed so she went to a department
store she bought this aspirin which is
the only thing that she found and she
found the maximum one at least 500
milligrams and she bought some water
some other stuff and at the time that
she was at the cashier to pay the girl
that was working there says she said to
her you just drop that thing over there
and he was the aspirins and so she went
back pick it up pay for it and came home
the next morning when I start having the
symptoms and I clearly knew that what
was going to know she put one of those
aspirins and in my tongue and they saved
my life Wow yeah
I had I had a second chance and and you
know some stuff change in my life things
did it what things changed in your loans
by the way I feel so ridiculous I'm
dressed like this right tell the peanut
about your life-changing event
you know priorities priorities right you
know you know things that I gave a lot
of importance stopped being important
and and you put attention to the real
things and the real things what are the
real thing my daughter is the real thing
right my friends my family and my
vocation as an actor mm-hm and so in a
way it's very probably it's stupid to
say this but he's one of the best things
that happen in my life - Wow good thing
she picked those aspirin up off those
yeah yeah you know I heard you bought a
a bar and a theater in your hometown its
name yeah
was that part of like hey I want to do
some some different stuff with a theatre
yes yes the theater yeah I started
thinking that actually money in a bank
is nothing but a kind of a machiavelli
care you know intellectual thought and
so I wanted to have something that I can
enjoy and a theater is definitely one of
the best stories that have ever bought
it was a perfect way to ruin myself good
way if you're gonna lose money in my
yeah and what's the name of the movie
theater the movie theaters call Teatro
del Sol home okay so it's not like a low
six or something like that yeah and what
about the bar the bar was has been there
for a long time for almost two centuries
oh wow it's called el pimpi NPPL pimpy
helping what does that mean it's quite a
bit strange story behind that
you know this start working in at the
beginning of the nineteenth century and
it was a Bravo Bravo
Oh Bravo yeah Wow
Oh Oh l pimpies that means you're the
pimp little this is story about the
romantic you know a poet and you know
writers from England that used to come
to the south of Spain
actually they were not that romantic
because they visit the brothel a lot
we're asking for the pimps and the pimp
Supremes and pimp II it became at pimpy
Wow yeah yeah now there is no
prostitution no prostitution about
pimping well now maybe you make more
money if there was I put some hookers in
the movie theater to Antonio Banderas is
here is who he is pain and glory we'll
be right back seem to mutual nervous you
don't come over to this house
on deaf ears a king or a saludos Toninho
long as he has precision into
you know
[Music]
dear fellow simplemente poor Silicon
Valley this is not a Halloween movie
that Lily it looks like a good one now
this is how many times have you and
Pedro almodvar work together we have
done we know each other from 1980 we
have done a movie eight movies together
and in this movie you are playing him
visiting him yeah
is that is that more difficult to play
the guy who's directing you is bizarre
yeah so if he saw that actually the guy
that is saying action and cut is your
character
uh-huh he's and but you know and you
receive another type of information
emotional information because he got
affected actually but what he wrote
because his movies pretty much a lot of
reconciliation with your past coming to
terms with some people forgiveness it's
about looking back and Pedro is now 70
years old and it's time for him to just
do this type of moving which he can
reflect about his life and movies and
the art of being alive do you ever go to
him or did you go to him drink while
you're shooting this film and say you
know what was what was going on here
what were you thinking at at this time
and get even more detail and is in the
script not exactly because though there
are many elements that are biographical
there are also elements that are
invented no invented let me just say
this you know I mean we are not only the
things that we the things that we have
done and the things that we have said in
our life we are also our dreams we are
the things that we wanted to say and we
never said and the things that we wanted
to do and we never did and in a way
Almodovar had the possibility here to
talk to people some of them they are not
here anymore and to say to them the
things that he never did so in a way
this movie is more him than him it's a
biographical in a way but is more you
know biographical in the sense that you
can put the pieces of a puzzle that was
not
huh very interesting and what a
compliment for him to ask you to play
him it was it was because you know this
is a man that I respect very much I
admire very much I love very much as a
friend and I am NOT alone in this type
of feelings you know the whole entire
cinema community all around the war and
love there the guy he got two Oscars he
got every award you won best actor at
confer can rather for this and then you
know and they say it you're one of the
top early choices for the Academy Award
for Best Actor will you commit at this
time if you do win Best Actor that you
will wear this outfit to the Oscars by
force if you must I wouldn't come into
that I may not get it I have one
question I want to ask because Salma
Hayek was here yeah and she told me that
for her birthday you bought her do you
know what I'm getting at yeah yeah okay
sorry that you did it yeah because every
time I thought it was a good idea you
bought her two monkeys yeah yeah why two
monkeys when you were Dutch monkey
shopping you think you know one monkey
is not gonna be enough please get her a
pair movie and and you know the monkeys
had it I think and see what's all day
long you say that for you yeah well it's
not the kind of gift you forget really
well it's great thank you for dressing
up a happy Halloween to you the movie is
called pain and glory it's playing in
select cities now opens everywhere a
week from tomorrow and corneal batdari
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment